Added changelog for partner SDK (#44)
fivetran/fivetran_sdk: CHANGELOG.md

#### June 2024

-----------
**ConfigurationForm Changes**
- We added options to provide default value and placeholder for the Field.
- We Introduced  FieldSet  support, which allows to group the Fields and add visibility condition to control displaying on the form.

> - The FormField format is updated to support FieldSet. The single attribute should be used to assign the usual fields.

Reviewer: NIT: can be changed from `usual fields` to `regular fields`.

Author: incorporated

**SourceConnector Changes**
- We removed LogEntry from Update operation. Now, partners can use STD::OUT to send logs. For more details, please refer to this.

> - We renamed few enums and services:

Reviewer: We have renamed the few enums and services

  - Renamed the service definition from Connector to SourceConnector.
  - Renamed the OpType field to RecordType.
- Added support for NAIVE_TIME datatype. Partners can now send data with this datatype.

**DestinationConnector Changes**
- Added NAIVE_TIME data type support.

> - We renamed the service definition from Destination to DestinationConnector.

Reviewer: We have renamed the service

Author: incorporated

#### June 2024

-----------
- Added a new `NAIVE_TIME` data type.

**ConfigurationForm Changes**

> - We added options to provide default value and placeholder for the Field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We added options to provide default value and placeholder for `Field`.
```

> - We have added options to provide default value and placeholder for `Field`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added options to provide default value and placeholder for `Field`.
```

> - We Introduced FieldSet support, which allows to group the Fields and add visibility condition to control displaying on the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We introduced FieldSet support, which allows to group the Fields and add visibility condition to control displaying on the form.
```

> - We have introduced `FieldSet` support, which allows to group the `Fields` and add visibility condition to control displaying on the form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Introduced `FieldSet` support in `FormField`, which allows to group the `Fields` and add visibility condition to control displaying on the form.
```

> - The FormField format is updated to support FieldSet. The single attribute should be used to assign the regular fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `FormField` format is updated to support `FieldSet`. A single attribute should be used to assign the regular fields.
```

> - The `FormField` format is updated to support `FieldSet`. A single attribute should be used to assign the regular fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: Incorporated

**SourceConnector Changes**

> - We removed `LogEntry` from Update operation. Now, partners can use `STD::OUT` to send logs. For more details, please refer to the [logging](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_sdk/blob/main/development-guide.md#logging) section in the SDK Development Guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We have removed `LogEntry` from the Update operation. Now, partners can use `STD::OUT` to send logs. For more details, please refer to the [logging](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_sdk/blob/main/development-guide.md#logging) section in the SDK Development Guide.
```

> - We have removed `LogEntry` from the Update operation. Now, partners can use `STD::OUT` to send logs. For more details, please refer to the [logging](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_sdk/blob/main/development-guide.md#logging) section in the SDK Development Guide.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Removed `LogEntry` from the Update operation. Now, partners can use `STD::OUT` to send logs. For more details, please refer to the [logging](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_sdk/blob/main/development-guide.md#logging) section in the SDK Development Guide.
```

> - We have renamed service definition from `Connector` to `SourceConnector`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Renamed service definition from `Connector` to `SourceConnector`.
```

> - Renamed `OpType` to `RecordType`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We have renamed `OpType` to `RecordType`.
```

> - We have renamed `OpType` to `RecordType`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Renamed `OpType` to `RecordType`.
```

**DestinationConnector Changes**

> - We have renamed the service definition from `Destination` to `DestinationConnector`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Renamed the service definition from `Destination` to `DestinationConnector`.
```

> - A new rpc method `Capabilities` is introduced. This brings the following functionalities:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new rpc method `Capabilities` which brings the following functionalities:
```

Author: Incorporated

    - Adjust column types: Supports optionally adjusting Partner data type for each Fivetran type.

>     - Define the max value supported for the columns types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Define the maximal value supported for the column types.
```

>     - Define the maximal value supported for the column types.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Define maximum value supported by the destination column types.
```

Author: Incorporated

>     - We have added support for providing parquet batch files. Now, partner can choose the file type to create batch files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Added support for parquet batch files.
```

>     - Introduced a new field `supports_history_mode`, which indicates whether the destination supports history mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Introduced a new field, `supports_history_mode`, which indicates whether the destination supports history mode.
```

> - Changes in AlterTableRequest:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changes in `AlterTableRequest`:
```

>     - We have introduced a new field, `supports_history_mode`, which indicates whether the destination supports history mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Introduced a new field, `supports_history_mode`, which indicates whether the destination supports history mode.
```

>     - Takes `table_name` instead of `Table`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - It now uses `table_name` instead of `Table`.
```

>     - Introduced SchemaDiff field, which supports adding new columns, change column type, and update primary keys.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Introduced a new field, `SchemaDiff`, which supports adding new columns, change column type, and update primary keys.  
```

>     - We have introduced a new field, `SchemaDiff`, which supports adding new columns, changing column type, and updating primary keys.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Introduced a new field, `SchemaDiff`, which supports adding new columns, changing column type, and updating primary keys.  
```

- Changes in WriteBatchRequest:

>   - We have added support for parquet batch files configuration details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Added support for parquet batch files configuration details.
```

>   - Introduced new field `HistoryMode`, which indicates history mode is enabled for table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - We have introduced new field `HistoryMode`, which indicates that history mode is enabled for the table.
```

Reviewer 3: This is not how changelogs are written from what I've seen on the internet.. no need to use present perfect tense, past tense is sufficient. Also no need to specify "we".

>   - We have introduced new field `HistoryMode`, which indicates that history mode is enabled for the table.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Introduced a new field `HistoryMode`, which indicates that history mode is enabled for the table.
```

#### June 2024

> -----------

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-----------
+ - Added a new `NAIVE_TIME` data type.

```

Author: Incorporated

**ConfigurationForm Changes**
- We added options to provide default value and placeholder for the Field.
- We Introduced FieldSet support, which allows to group the Fields and add visibility condition to control displaying on the form.
- The FormField format is updated to support FieldSet. The single attribute should be used to assign the regular fields.

**SourceConnector Changes**

> - We removed `LogEntry` from Update operation. Now, partners can use `STD::OUT` to send logs. For more details, please refer to [this](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_sdk/blob/main/development-guide.md#logging).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- We removed `LogEntry` from Update operation. Now, partners can use `STD::OUT` to send logs. For more details, please refer to the [logging](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_sdk/blob/main/development-guide.md#logging) section in the SDK Development Guide.
```

Author: Incorporated

> - We have renamed the few enums and services:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: Incorporated

>   - Renamed the service definition from `Connector` to `SourceConnector`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Renamed service definition from `Connector` to `SourceConnector`.
```

Author: Incorporated

>   - Renamed the `OpType` field to `RecordType`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Renamed `OpType` to `RecordType`.
```

Author: Incorporated

> - Added support for `NAIVE_TIME` datatype. Partners can now send data with this datatype.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: Incorporated

**DestinationConnector Changes**

> - Added `NAIVE_TIME` data type support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: Incorporated

- We have renamed the service definition from `Destination` to `DestinationConnector`.

> - A new rpc method `Capabilities` is introduced. This brings the functionalities:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A new rpc method `Capabilities` is introduced. This brings the following functionalities:
```

Author: Incorporated

>     - Adjust column types: Supports adjusting Partner data type for each Fivetran type.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Adjust column types: Supports optionally adjusting Partner data type for each Fivetran type.
```

Author: Incorporated
